Update OTel exporter changelog (#42135)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/monitor/azure-monitor-opentelemetry-exporter/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.29

### Features Added

### Breaking Changes

The `AzureMonitorExporterBuilder` class has been replaced with the `AzureMonitorExpporter` class:

```java
AutoConfiguredOpenTelemetrySdkBuilder sdkBuilder = AutoConfiguredOpenTelemetrySdk.builder();
AzureMonitorExporter.customize(sdkBuilder);
OpenTelemetry openTelemetry = sdkBuilder.build().getOpenTelemetrySdk();
```

### Bugs Fixed
- [Fix a race condition RejectedExecutionException](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/41927)

### Other Changes
- [Better populate exception type name and message from span events](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/41397)

> - [Update OpenTelemetry to 1.42.1]([https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/39843](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/41931))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Update OpenTelemetry to 2.8.0](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/41931))
```

Reviewer 2: The API/SDK version (1.42.1) is probably most relevant to this repository.

Probably good to be more explicit:

```suggestion
- [Update OpenTelemetry SDK to 1.42.1]([https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/39843](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/41931))
```

Reviewer: i'm fine with it.. it doesn't need to mention #39843. that has nothing to do with 2.8 upgrade.

# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.29

### Features Added

### Breaking Changes

⚠️⚠️ The `AzureMonitorExporterBuilder` class has been replaced with the `AzureMonitorExporter` class ([41705](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/41705) and [42134](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/42134)):

```java
AutoConfiguredOpenTelemetrySdkBuilder sdkBuilder = AutoConfiguredOpenTelemetrySdk.builder();
AzureMonitorExporter.customize(sdkBuilder);
OpenTelemetry openTelemetry = sdkBuilder.build().getOpenTelemetrySdk();
```

See the [Readme](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/monitor/azure-monitor-opentelemetry-exporter) for more details

### Bugs Fixed
- [Fix a race condition RejectedExecutionException](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/41927)
- [Fix a bug where post requests to Live Metrics returned http 400 due to malformed json](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/42147)

### Other Changes
- [Better populate exception type name and message from span events](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/41397)
- [Update OpenTelemetry SDK to 1.42.1](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/41931))

> - [Improve the error message when non connection string](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/42034)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Improve the error message for null connection string](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/42034)
```

### New Features
- `AzureMonitorExporterBuilder` now supports reading connection string from `APPLICATIONINSIGHTS_CONNECTION_STRING

>   ` environment variable.

Reviewer: can you reformat these 2 lines into one line. an extra space?
